README.md, before:

<img src="/assets/logo.svg" alt="Logo" width="100px"/> 

# WallyWiz

Your own Wallpaper Manager for Android. It randomly sets a wallpaper from the selected source after an user defined interval. It supports custom Wallpaper Source APIs along with built-in various wallpaper providers (NASA, Bing, Unsplash, Pexels & Pixabay currently).


## Support Us
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/krtirtho">
<img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=&slug=krtirtho&button_colour=FF5F5F&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Inter&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00" />
</a>
<br/>
<a href="https://patreon.com/krtirtho"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61944859/180249027-678b01b8-c336-451e-b147-6d84a5b9d0e7.png" width="250"/></a>

## Install

Download & install Android APK
<br/>
[<img width='240' alt='Android Download' src='https://www.remcsteuben.com/sites/default/files/images/apkdaddy%20download.png'/>](https://github.com/KRTirtho/wallywiz/releases/latest/download/wallywiz-all-arch.apk)


## Usage

Select any of the available Wallpaper Providers & select an interval after which a new random wallpaper will be set from the provider

![Screenshot-1](/assets/screenshot-1.png)
![Screenshot-2](/assets/screenshot-2.png)

### Custom Wallpaper API
You can set/edit your own custom wallpaper provider API. Just go to tap on the Floating Button on the Home screen & add URL, headers (with API Key/Credentials) and a JSON access path to the custom wallpaper API response

Optionally, you can also set a Logo for the item too

![Screenshot-3](/assets/screenshot-3.png)

## License

[BSD-4-Clause License](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs: add pick image URL from json screenshot

README.md, after:

<img src="/assets/logo.svg" alt="Logo" width="100px"/> 

# WallyWiz

Your own Wallpaper Manager for Android. It randomly sets a wallpaper from the selected source after an user defined interval. It supports custom Wallpaper Source APIs along with built-in various wallpaper providers (NASA, Bing, Unsplash, Pexels & Pixabay currently).


## Support Us
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/krtirtho">
<img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=&slug=krtirtho&button_colour=FF5F5F&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Inter&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00" />
</a>
<br/>
<a href="https://patreon.com/krtirtho"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61944859/180249027-678b01b8-c336-451e-b147-6d84a5b9d0e7.png" width="250"/></a>

## Install

Download & install Android APK
<br/>
[<img width='240' alt='Android Download' src='https://www.remcsteuben.com/sites/default/files/images/apkdaddy%20download.png'/>](https://github.com/KRTirtho/wallywiz/releases/latest/download/wallywiz-all-arch.apk)


## Usage

Select any of the available Wallpaper Providers & select an interval after which a new random wallpaper will be set from the provider

![Screenshot-1](/assets/screenshot-1.png)
![Screenshot-2](/assets/screenshot-2.png)

### Custom Wallpaper API
You can set/edit your own custom wallpaper provider API. Just go to tap on the Floating Button on the Home screen & add URL, headers (with API Key/Credentials) and a JSON access path to the custom wallpaper API response

Optionally, you can also set a Logo for the item too

But the biggest highlight is that you can **pick image url property from JSON** which makes it really easy to set a custom wallpaper API.
![Screenshot-3](/assets/screenshot-3.png)
![Screenshot-3](/assets/screenshot-4.png)

## License

[BSD-4-Clause License](/LICENSE)
